>> Sarah Drasner: There's also
this animated Bezier with D3.
So later on today I'm gonna talk about
the limitations of cubic Bezier.
And one of these
limitations of cubic Bezier
is that it just has two control points.
We saw that we have this kind of
Q-like thing where we just have
the one control point, and
this is how that's being made.
This is the, see,
it's got two control points, but
what if you have an infinite
amount of control points?
You could do so much stuff,
and it would be rad.
So basically you can play around with this
and kind of understand how these Beziers
end up, how the computer
understands them to end up here.
So basically my favorite
thing is combining
template literals with SVG path points.
How many people work with ES6 and
know what template literals are?
Okay, so most people.
Rather than doing string concatenation
where we're putting quotes around things
and adding,
we're basically saying the variable and
then we're gonna plus extra thing.
And then add the variable again.
With template literals we
can use back ticks and
we're gonna have a dollar sign and
two curly braces.
And then we put the variable
directly in there.
So you can see already,
when you're working with path points and
you're looking at these path points,
how valuable that might be.
Let's say we're doing
something with that Q.
What if we wanted to start it from a kind
of static place, end with a static place,
and then bounce around some middle thing?
You can kinda already see where
I'm going with that, right?
It's really, really cool.
So if we wanna make something like
a slinky we can start off with an M,
with the x coordinate, y coordinate, and
an L, x coordinate with y coordinate.
>> Sarah Drasner: And
then we can change that to using a Q, and
basically change it in any direction.
If I wanted to simplify it further I could
use a T, remember how it was reflected?
But I didn't know if I was gonna
kinda maybe change one side of it and
leave the other side.
I wanted to leave it
a little bit more flexible.
So there's all sorts of things that you
can do with creating generative effects
with template literals and SVG path point.
Okay, so we can combine those
slinky effects with a ball of yarn.
And this was when yarn was released,
I made this pen to kind of celebrate.
My friend Jamie worked on that.
You can see how you could use that as
just one small effect in a bigger pen.